Attendance System Project

Welcome to the Attendance System project repository! This project is
built using React.js to create a simple web application for managing
student attendance. The system includes a login page, a home page
displaying the student\'s course list, and a myprofile page to view and
update student details. Table of Contents

Getting Started Features Usage Contributing

Getting Started

To get started with the Attendance System project, follow these
instructions:

Clone this repository to your local machine:

bash

git clone https://github.com/your-username/attendance_system.git

Change into the project directory:

bash

cd attendance_system

Install the necessary dependencies:

bash

npm install

Start the development server:

bash

npm start

Open a web browser and go to http://localhost:3000 to access the
Attendance System.

Features Login Page

The login page allows students to log in to the system using their email
and password. Home Page

Upon successful login, students are directed to the home page. Here,
they can view their course list and navigate to their myprofile page.
MyProfile Page

The myprofile page displays student details such as name, email, and any
other relevant information. Students can also update their profile
information from this page. Usage

Login: Access the login page by visiting the application\'s root URL
(http://localhost:3000 by default). Enter your email and password to log
in.

Home Page: After logging in, you\'ll be redirected to the home page.
Here, you can see a list of your enrolled courses.

MyProfile Page: Click on your profile name or icon on the home page to
access your myprofile page. View and edit your profile information as
needed.

Contributing

We welcome contributions to the Attendance System project. To
contribute:

Fork the repository on GitHub. Create a new branch for your feature or
bug fix. Make your changes and commit them with clear and concise commit
messages. Push your changes to your forked repository. Submit a pull
request to the main repository, detailing the changes you made and why
they should be merged.

Thank you for using the Attendance System project! If you have any
questions or encounter any issues, please don\'t hesitate to contact us.
